you know growing up I was never the girl
to get looked at it's always the girl to
get looked past I just stopped and I was
doing a life and just think for a second
what do I got to do to draw people to me
what am I going to do make people want
to be around me I had to become
successful people are drawn to success I
no longer wanted to be that 16 year old
that everyone just ignored and laughed
at I wanted to be a woman that was so
successful she was feared I want people
to be intimidated by me I remember when
I started with Ring of Honor I chose to
be with h.o.t because they were the
hottest commodity and I wanted to be the
hottest commodity things quickly fell
apart after I realized I was not being
appreciated and after I got fired I
didn't even care I knew I find something
better
matze Haven never once came up to me and
said Silesia I appreciate what you've
done for me you never thanked me yet I
was always there for him I remember when
you called me up at 3 a.m.
begging me to hook you up with the new
chick because your last Sheik dumped you
take that as a hint max nobody wants to
be around a loser nobody I had to find
something better
I found the house of truth which brings
me to my next thing I just want to wish
you good luck Matt Haven in your steel
cage match against Jay Lethal and just
like I forced myself to become
successful if I want to force myself
inside that steel cage and I will